FEAT: Local test configuration cli (#6880)
ansys/pyaedt: doc/source/Getting_started/cli.rst

from your terminal. The CLI offers simple commands to start, stop, and monitor AEDT sessions without
writing any Python code.

Get started
-----------

To use the CLI, open your terminal and type:

.. code-block:: bash

    pyaedt --help

This displays all available commands and options.

Main Commands
-------------

The PyAEDT CLI provides four main commands:

* ``version`` - Display the installed PyAEDT version
* ``processes`` - List all running AEDT processes
* ``start`` - Start a new AEDT session
* ``stop`` - Stop running AEDT processes
* ``config`` - Manage test configuration settings

Display version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Check which version of PyAEDT you have installed:

.. code-block:: bash

    pyaedt version

This shows the current PyAEDT version number.

List running processes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

View all AEDT processes currently running on your system:

.. code-block:: bash

    pyaedt processes

This command displays useful information for each process:

* Process ID (PID)
* Process name
* Command line arguments
* Port number (if available)

Start AEDT
~~~~~~~~~~

Launch a new AEDT session directly from the command line:

.. code-block:: bash

    pyaedt start

> This starts AEDT with default settings (version 2025.2, graphical mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starts AEDT with default settings (latest AEDT version released, graphical mode).
```
